hi food and for now I'm here with yours
tourism in fact in Russian version
now let's try the coupons
hunting is an activity that has roots
Prehistoric hunters have hunted
the animals ate but then they have
sold the vegetarians and took off
almost all carnivores
but we won because we don't
they eat the food for us
we eat horns and for this we become
strong then we do something against
vegetarians
we make a great detachment
it is not true that francesco was a
fuck they process something they know how
do you eat complicated right away
means 20 Italian sacrifices e
shop and empty so we regret to see that
It does nothing
means this today we do i
eat inside the empty space that
inside its hot because we have to
leave a constant temperature and use
a machine that keeps my temperature
always right though if you don't have these
shitty things use a manual thermometer
and a glass of water and if there
temperature becomes too high put a
bit of cold water and I just like you
red meat
mg then I put water in the 60
degrees but if you and more red meat put it
54 crates and if you want less red meat
then put more maybe 60 8 degrees but
be careful you do the booklet is too much
hot then you become a bullshit is out
and you often like 7 beef and same shots
things or thin like my cock for the
flavor show off with fire tips
cock holding up
because good or butter is closed and if you
you don't have this machine, do nothing
in the plastic inside the water the air e
pushed out
put in the water for an hour if there
bicycle is very big then a little
more guys i have to talk to sooner
because this video is already how many minutes
and two minutes fuck then and the
parsley tarragon car sheet
I cut star we want nothing to
be quiet and the rest here
we remove in the petitions little ones
little ones we are waiting for shallots and the
stello these screens here we put in
white wine in black pepper e
we want
and how much 60 percent and he has hurt
then accepted with all the flavors
good and proper 2 egg yolks e
let's heat up very quiet so you put e
accept and install strong strong ought
to do so look and after someone
some minutes as a common sabayon
Now you must be careful or else you are a
discrasia of French the French
I will become angry put the melted butter
very quiet and we assemble everything looks
so so so strong as he masturbates
you know how to masturbate fortissimo 46 al
relationship like a corniglio then you do
so and look at the sauce is almost ready
put these so this opening
its ready and protected in the fridge
rifo for
for an hour and it's too much and hear this
Danish sauce is eaten cold and now
let's do something about the bucks codes
of axle potatoes the raul fleet
otello in sweden many years ago and all
say that these potatoes with invented
I know, however, in purple having a band
from great like this and look we want
cut almost all the potato however it is
hard to do just so and I use watch
so a spoon and I put and garlic e
look at that here and cutting the queen or is
perfect
put some oil here with the butter
olive I know olive oil is not
much on the theses was not very Swedish
but now it is used and someone you the
cheese but I only put the
breadcrumbs because the cheese is too much
it's too much flavor and now we don't want it
so many know flavors because we have it
we made the sauce and make a
other meat sauce and things my own
put in the oven and watch the booklet is
almost ready we save the sauce for later
it makes a patella and we make it very hot
feel very hot and put the booklet a
maximum minute while 30 seconds is fine
which 30 seconds the card e is ready for
beautiful and perfect then delays
we put this sauce with some wine
red some sugar if you rosemary
and garlic
and fuck is ready watch the deputy
bread loaf meat the sauce for the carnets
and everything is fantastic and you eat and yes
broom remained weird that it was intended a
little more is life is good and taxis in the
as they say the Florentines where we eat
internal and the Florence was jealous because
now you too and the 6 doors with the
corner and everything is good